hello your dear world come back on
my channel starts as announced
today the first part of my abiball prom
series series and in today's video
Let's start with a hairstyle video
I will give you three possible hairstyles
vision abiball introduce you once
my sister to me and all of you
diana from the channel the fashion so have
Her short hair is very long
and medium-long hair and I will be you
Beautiful curls conjure up and just enter
few tips and tricks show you what
you can wear like that
you get beautiful with the first praise
volume in the hair with the curls here
I use the last- and from nomi
curling set with the thickest tower
So the one with the largest diameter
of course, I give up heat protection before that
my hair and then i start with the
back hair and work like that
slow forward
Here it is important the curling iron
to wake up to the approach so you too
nice volume gets
a gate
more
Sir
and so you work your way to the last one
strand on the face in front
then the top coat is here and here
you really try until the
approach the curls with the wrap
Hair also gets nice for volume and
that you will loosen up everything a bit
and have to build it
jun
achieve
on the other side you do that
same by having one
I have a side vertex here
Therefore , divide a little more hair under
I put this in under and decker
No
where are
and all are lured into the same here
direction turned and the pony of course
also and that is then the finished looks
now before
the next hairstyle does not even boho look
I'll do that to my sister here
I use a tower of the above one
is a bit thicker and down
so a bit thinner and I pull
after that, the curls wrap like that
just so it's not quite like that
becomes curly
all
lead
I do not care
against
and this look fits great, for example
to a somewhat casual dress
happened really good fit here
such a flower wreath belongs to mine
sister but you can actually
find anywhere or even do it yourself
because most currently has one
bit dry I use here
this argan oil from omi this oil
donates the hair tips much
Moisture making it all one
looks a bit healthier and shiny
problem 2
shoemaker
The next hairstyle is great for
I found medium-length hair for this
just dianas hair perfect and i have
you just have such a deep
pulled side vertex
the difference was lure to my
that I only point their bottom here
Curls
This will not cause corkscrews
lure but only very light
princess in waves
so the curls are so beautifully separated
stay and not become one
I curl up the curls
strands of the upper decker just in
the other direction and stay that way
the curls are nicely separated
By the way, only me has 40 again
percent on the whole page with the
Circulatory crisis given
or if you are styling for this
set should interest then gets
give her another $ 100 discount
the kot minikrise blog all links and
but you can also find infos in
the infobox
then I take one of our hair
I tear it in three small ones again
wisps subdivide
this strand may be whole
just up to the end and up
clamp it on the other side like that
that it looks like you have one
hairband and thus the braided
stink so a bit fuller
It looks a bit different
and the side parting I fix
just with a bit of hairspray and
So you already have a finished one
look of super nice looks and so on
there are a few processes feeling
and that's it with this one
look dianas hair remind me so
little bit of princess waves
I would like to be in the
comments write which hairstyle yours
favorite was
if you liked the video then
I will, of course, about her
you know that, of course, up here
then you come to diana's video in the
we both our springer sanchez you
So imagine beauty food & fashion
and below that you come to my last
video the dm hall for the new ways here
in cologne i'm just reading and me
Of course I would be very happy if
diana past watched their times in the
the video is pretty nice too
We'll see each other then
next time until then bye